---
cssclass: myhome

banner_x: 0.62858
banner_y: 0.38648
status: 进行中 
target: 10000
banner: "40 - Obsidian/Attachments/banners/flowers.gif"
banner_icon: 🏖️
---
## Rainbell

### AGENDA
- [Today's Notes](obsidian://advanced-uri?vault=Rainbell&daily=true)
- [Weekly Notes](obsidian://advanced-uri?vault=Rainbell&commandid=calendar%253Aopen-weekly-note)
- [Monthly Notes]()
- [Quarterly OKR](obsidian://advanced-uri?vault=Rainbell&commandid=periodic-notes%253Aopen-quarterly-note)

### LIFE
- [[00. Library]]
- [[Me]]
- [[00. File Management]]
- [[00. Code Repository]]

### WORK
- [[00. Learning]]
- [[00. Work]]
- [[00. Cards]]
- [[00. Reference Summary]]

### PEOPLE
- [[00. People|Personnel Management]]
- [[00. Bird|Pet Management]]

The following JSX code is displaying some kind of UI:
```jsx
<ShowI></ShowI>
```

### PROJECT TRACKING
This part of the content seems to provide configurations for a plugin or a module that is used to track the progress of writing a project. It could be either tracking the number of words or characters written against a target. Additionally, it offers bibliographical estimations for pandoc citations.

### DAILY SUMMARY
This section uses a dataview plugin to create a table summary of daily notes with a specific tag. It displays the date and a summary for the past seven days.

### HEALTH TRACKER
Another table that uses the dataview plugin to track health records from daily notes over the last seven days.

### BIRD TRACKER
This section contains JavaScript to retrieve and display bird logs from daily diary entries.

### OBSIDIAN ACTIVITY
Displays a summary of the user's activity in Obsidian, including the total number of days they've used Obsidian, the total number of notes created, total tags, and total tasks.

### RECENT EDITS
This section shows a table of files that have been recently edited, excluding templates and kanban boards.

### NOTES CREATED IN THE LAST THREE DAYS
A table showing notes that have been created within the last three days.